You get some much-needed rest after your first week at the college.
在大学的第一周之后，你终于得到了急需的休息。
The weekend goes by quickly.  Another week of work is coming up.
周末过得很快。 又一个工作周即将到来。
As usual, you wake up at dawn, eat breakfast and get dressed alone.
像往常一样，你在黎明时分醒来，吃早餐，然后一个人穿衣服。
Mia mumbles in her sleep but never wakes up as you run for the city bus.
米娅在睡梦中嘟囔着，但从未醒来，你匆忙赶上了市区公交。
You sleep soundly and rest after your second week at the college.
你在大学的第二周后睡得很香，休息得很好。
The weekend goes by very fast.  Another week of work is coming up.
周末过得非常快。 又一个工作周即将到来。
You cuddle and sleep with Mia after a third week of college work.
在第三周的大学工作之后，你和米娅一起依偎着睡觉。
The weekend goes by quickly.  Another busy week is coming up.
周末过得很快。 又一个忙碌的星期即将到来。
You get some rest with your girlfriend after a fourth week at college.
在大学的第四周后，你和女朋友一起休息一下。
The weekend flies by hastily.  Another hard week of work is coming up.
周末匆匆而过。 又一个艰难的工作周即将到来。
Once again, you wake up at dawn, eat breakfast and get dressed alone.
又一次，你在黎明时分醒来，独自吃早餐和穿衣服。
Mia is sleeping heavily.  She never wakes up as you run for the city bus.
米娅睡得很沉。 当你赶去市区公交车时，她从未醒来。
You get some rest with your lover after a fifth week at college.
在大学第五周后，你和爱人一起休息。
You cuddle and sleep with Mia after a sixth week of college work.
在第六周的大学工作后，你和米娅一起依偎着睡觉。
You get some needed rest, laying alone in your bed.
你在床上独自躺着，得到了些许需要的休息。
The weekend goes by slowly, there's not much to do.
周末过得很慢，没什么事情可做。
You wake up at dawn, eat breakfast and get dressed.
你在黎明时分醒来，吃早餐并穿好衣服。
You double lock the door and walk to take the city bus.
你把门锁上两道，然后走路去乘坐市区公交车。
You sleep naked and restrained in your Dominant girlfriend's arms.
你赤裸裸地被束缚着，睡在你女友的怀里。
She doesn't release you until Monday morning and goes back to bed.
她直到星期一早上才放你，并且又回到床上。
You eat breakfast alone and prepare extra food for when she gets up.
你一个人吃早餐，并准备了额外的食物等她起床时吃。
Your Dominant girlfriend sleeps in tight bondage close to you.
你那强势的女友紧紧地被绑着，靠近你睡觉。
You release her in the morning and she quickly goes back to bed.
你早上释放了她，她很快就回到床上。
Mia struggles playfully for a while before falling asleep bound and naked.
米娅顽皮地挣扎了一会儿，然后在被绑着、赤裸的状态下睡着了。
You release her when you wake up.  She stretches and gets up with you.
你醒来时释放了她。 她伸了个懒腰，和你一起起床。
She cooks you breakfast and helps you to get dressed submissively.
她为你做早餐，并顺从地帮你穿衣服。
She kneels naked for you as you leave for work, to catch the city bus.
当你出门上班，去赶市区公交时，她赤裸着跪在你面前。
You sleep with your submissive in your pajamas for a quiet night.
你穿着睡衣和你的顺从者一起安静地度过夜晚。
You both wake up early and get a quick shower together to start the day.
你们俩早早醒来，一起快速洗个澡开始新的一天。
She cooks you breakfast and helps you to get dressed with a huge smile.
她给你做早餐，并带着灿烂的笑容帮你穿衣服。
You sleep alone while Mia tries to rest on the ground or on a chair.
你一个人睡觉，而米娅试图在地上或椅子上休息。
You both wake up early and take turns showering to start the day.
你们俩都很早起床，轮流洗澡开始新的一天。
She cooks you breakfast and helps you to get dressed with a long sigh.
她给你做早餐，并在长叹一声中帮你穿衣服。
The sisters struggle for a while before falling asleep in cuffs.
姐妹俩挣扎了一会儿，最后在手铐中睡着了。
You keep them as your private prisoners for the whole weekend.
你把她们整个周末都当作私人囚犯。
You release them Monday and they prepare breakfast for you.
你在周一释放他们，他们为你准备早餐。
They both wave submissively as you go catch the city bus.
当你去赶城市公交时，他们俩都顺从地挥手。
You sleep comfortably in Evelyn's bed with your slave nearby.
你在伊芙琳的床上睡得很舒服，身边有你的奴隶。
You both wake up early, hoping to beat the hectic city traffic.
你们俩都早早醒来，希望能避开繁忙的城市交通。
She kneels for you, giving you coffee and helping you to dress up.
她为你跪下，给你咖啡并帮你穿衣服。
You unlock her collar as she dresses and gets the car for college.
当她穿衣服并开车去上大学时，你解开了她的项圈。
You sleep comfortably while Evelyn lies on the cold floor.
你睡得很舒服，而伊芙琳却躺在冰冷的地板上。
You wake up early to unlock her, she did not rest well.
你早起解锁她，她没有休息好。
She kneels for you, then prepares your coffee and breakfast.
她为你跪下，然后为你准备咖啡和早餐。
You sleep in tight and secure bondage in your Mistress house.
你在女主人家里被紧紧地、安全地束缚着睡觉。
She releases you so you can prepare a healthy breakfast for both.
她释放你，让你为你们俩准备一顿健康的早餐。
Your collar gets unlocked and stashed away before you get in her car.
在你上她的车之前，你的项圈被解锁并收起来了。
You notice that you can't unbuckle or open the car door by yourself.
你注意到你无法自己解开安全带或打开车门。
