Return to start screen
返回开始屏幕
This game is made possible by our patrons:
这款游戏得益于我们的赞助者：
And a huge thank you to all the fans!
并且非常感谢所有的粉丝们！
Thank you
谢谢你
You lost your teacher's job but still live in Evelyn's house.
你失去了老师的工作，但仍然住在伊芙琳的家里。
It's an easy life with not much stress or responsibility.
这是一个轻松的生活，没有太多压力或责任。
You dominate her on weekends and play games all week.
你在周末支配她，整周都在玩游戏。
Enjoy your wealthy submissive and your early retirement.
享受你的富有顺从者和你的提前退休生活。
She keeps you tightly restrained or caged at all times.
她始终将你紧紧束缚或关在笼子里。
As her slave, you get trained and live to worship her.
作为她的奴隶，你接受训练并生活来崇拜她。
You never go out alone, a permanent slave for your owner.
你从不单独外出，永远是你主人的奴隶。
Evelyn kidnaps you and locks you in her private dungeon.
伊芙琳绑架了你，把你锁在她的私人地牢里。
She keeps you bound and chained for years of education.
她把你绑住锁链多年进行教育。
She trains you to become better but treats you like a dog.
她训练你变得更好，却像对待狗一样对待你。
Only time shall tell if you will ever leave your prison.
只有时间才能证明你是否会离开这个监狱。
Evelyn sold you to a foreign oligarch, your new Mistress.
伊芙琳把你卖给了一个外国寡头，你的新主人。
You are kept locked up in a secret location, in her harem.
你被关在一个秘密地点，她的后宫。
You fight everyday to survive and climb the slave ladder.
你每天都在为生存而战，并试图在奴隶阶梯上攀升。
Only time shall tell if you will ever escape this place.
只有时间才能证明你是否会逃离这个地方。
You lost your teacher's job and your academic career.
你失去了教师的工作和学术生涯。
To pay for rent, you found a maid job in a restaurant.
为了支付房租，你在一家餐馆找了一份女佣的工作。
The salary isn't great, but you make lots of friends.
工资不是很好，但你交了很多朋友。
You live a swinger's life with few responsibilities.
你过着一种责任少的换妻生活。
You lost your teacher's job and your nice career.
你失去了教师的工作和你美好的职业生涯。
You and Mia find a maid job in a local restaurant.
你和米娅在一家当地餐馆找到了女佣工作。
The salary isn't great but you two survive together.
工资不高，但你们俩一起生活得还不错。
You never marry or retire because it's too expensive.
你们从未结婚或退休，因为这太贵了。
With hard work, you earn some money to get married.
通过努力工作，你赚了一些钱来结婚。
You'll never be rich or famous but all you need is love.
你永远不会富有或出名，但你所需要的只是爱。
Later, you find a Mistress job in a local BDSM club.
后来，你在当地的BDSM俱乐部找到了一个女主人工作。
You train your submissive Mia to become a maid.
你训练你的奴隶米娅成为一个女仆。
You enslave her and enjoy a life of kinky pleasures.
你奴役了她，享受着充满奇特快感的生活。
Mia becomes a strict Mistress in a local BDSM club.
米娅在当地的BDSM俱乐部里成为了一位严格的女主人。
She enslaves you and trains you to become a maid.
她奴役你并训练你成为一个女仆。
You enjoy a life of tight bondage with your owner.
你享受着与主人一起的紧缚生活。
Sidney takes you under her wing and enslaves you.
悉尼把你纳入她的羽翼并奴役了你。
She produces and sells videos where you get abused.
她制作并出售你被虐待的视频。
You get addicted to drugs as her permanent bitch.
你会沉迷于毒品，成为她的永久奴隶。
You still see Sidney, becoming her permanent owner.
你仍然见到西德尼，成为她的永久主人。
She becomes your guard dog, your training assistant.
她成为你的看门狗，你的训练助手。
